Configure the URL of the repository to use when resolving the GE and CCUD plugins (#1)
c00ler/gradle-plugin: README.adoc

|JENKINSGRADLEPLUGIN_GRADLE_ENTERPRISE_INJECTION|Both|Enable the feature if set.
|JENKINSGRADLEPLUGIN_GRADLE_ENTERPRISE_URL|Both|The URL of the Gradle Enterprise server to publish Build Scans to.
|JENKINSGRADLEPLUGIN_GRADLE_ENTERPRISE_ALLOW_UNTRUSTED_SERVER|Both|Whether to allow publishing to a server with a self-signed certificate. Defaults to `false`.

> |JENKINSGRADLEPLUGIN_GRADLE_PLUGIN_REPOSITORY_URL|Gradle|The URL of the repository to use when resolving the GE and CCUD plugins. Required if Jenkins agents are not able to access the Gradle Plugin Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|JENKINSGRADLEPLUGIN_GRADLE_PLUGIN_REPOSITORY_URL|Gradle|The URL of the repository to use when resolving the Gradle Enterprise Gradle plugin and the Common Custom User Data Gradle plugin. Required if Jenkins agents are not able to access the Gradle Plugin Portal at https://plugins.gradle.org.
```

Author: Applied.
